# YBPreventionPrivate


The application respects and protects the privacy of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the application will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. However, the application will treat such information with a high degree of diligence and care. Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy, the app will not disclose or provide such information to any third party without your prior permission.

This privacy policy will be updated from time to time. When you agree to use this application service agreement, you will be deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this privacy policy.

This privacy policy is an integral part of the application service usage agreement.

Scope of application (a) the personal registration information you provide according to the requirements of the application when you register the account of the application; (b) application in your use of this web service, or access to this web application platform, the application automatically receive and record your browser and computer information, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, the use of language, visit date and time, software and hardware feature information and the page you need to record data such as; (c) personal data of users obtained by the application from business partners through legal means.

You understand and agree that the following information is not applicable to this privacy policy: (a) the keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by the application platform; (b) relevant information and data collected by the application and released by you in the application, including but not limited to participation activities, transaction information and evaluation details; (c) act in violation of the law or the application rules and the measures taken by the application against you.

Information using (a) the application won't come to any irrelevant third party to provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information, unless get your permission in advance, or the third party and the application of this application (including affiliates) alone or together to provide the service for you, and at the end of the service, it will be banned from access to be able to access all the information including its before. (b) the application does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information by any means. If any user of the application platform engages in the above activities, the application shall have the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with such user upon discovery. (c) for the purpose of service users, the application may be through the use of your personal information, provide you with the information you have interested in, including but not limited to sent you product and service information, or to share information with this application partners so that they send you information about its products and services, which need your prior consent). Information disclosure the application will disclose all or part of your personal information in accordance with your personal will or legal requirements if: (a) disclose to a third party with your prior consent; (b) share your personal information with third parties in order to provide the products and services you require; (c) to a third party or an administrative or judicial body as required by the relevant provisions of law or by the executive or judicial body; (d) if you violate relevant Chinese laws and regulations or this application service agreement or relevant rules, you need to disclose to a third party; (e) if you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you shall, at the request of the complainant, disclose it to the complainant so that the parties may resolve any possible dispute over rights; (f) in a transaction created on the application platform, if either party to the transaction fulfills or partially fulfills the transaction obligation and requests for information disclosure, the application shall have the right to decide to provide the user with the contact information and other necessary information of the other party to facilitate the completion of the transaction or the settlement of the dispute. (g) other disclosures that the application deems appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies. Storage and exchange of information the information and data collected by the application about you will be stored on the servers of the application and/or its affiliates, which may be transmitted to your country, region or the overseas countries where the information and data collected by the application are located and accessed, stored and displayed overseas.

Use of cookies (a) without you refusing to accept cookies, the application will set or access cookies on your computer so that you can log in or use the services or functions of the application platform that depend on cookies. The application USES cookies to provide you with more thoughtful personalized services, including promotion services. (b) you have the option to accept or reject cookies. You can reject cookies by changing your browser Settings. However, if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to log in or use the application network services or functions that depend on cookies. (c) this policy will apply to information obtained through cookies set by the application. Information security (a) this application account has the security protection function, please keep your user name and password information properly. This application will encrypt the user password and other security measures to ensure that your information is not lost, not abused and altered. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please note that there is no "perfect security measures" on the information network. (b) when using the application network services to conduct online transactions, you will inevitably disclose your personal information, such as contact information or postal address, to the counterparty or potential counterparty. Please protect your personal information and only provide it to others when necessary. If you find that your personal information is leaked, especially the user name and password of the application, please contact the customer service of the application immediately, so that the application can take appropriate measures. Changes of this privacy policy (a) if you decide to change the privacy policy, we will in this policy, the company website, and we think the proper position to release these changes, so that you understand how we collect and use your personal information, which people can access this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information. (b) the company reserves the right to modify this policy from time to time, so please check it frequently. In case of any major change to this policy, the company will inform you through notice on the website.
